---
title: "A Sad Moment For Donald Trump When The Tables Have Finally Turned (VIDEO)"
date: "Thu Jun 16 2016 14:49:32 GMT+0000 (UTC)"
tags: 
 - GOP Watch
 - Resources
 - Politics
 - Republican Watch
 - News
 - Media
 - Statistics
 - Donald Trump
 - Washington Post/ABC Poll
---
<p><!--OffDef--></p><p><!--Ads1--></p><p>A new poll just confirmed that the number of Americans with an unfavorable opinion of Donald Trump (R-N.Y.) have increased. And already being disliked by so many, this doesn&#x2019;t look good for the presidential candidate&#x2019;s chances in November.</p><p>A new&#xA0;<a href="http://apps.washingtonpost.com/g/page/politics/washington-post-abc-news-poll-favorable-ratings-of-clinton-and-trump-june-8-12-2016/2050/" onclick="__gaTracker(&apos;send&apos;, &apos;event&apos;, &apos;outbound-article&apos;, &apos;http://apps.washingtonpost.com/g/page/politics/washington-post-abc-news-poll-favorable-ratings-of-clinton-and-trump-june-8-12-2016/2050/&apos;, &apos;Washington Post/ABC&apos;);">Washington Post/ABC</a>&#xA0;poll shows that 70-percent of all adults, and 69-percent of registered voters, don&#x2019;t like Trump. Previously, in April&#x2019;s poll, 67-percent had unfavorable opinions of him.</p><p>The group showing the most dislike for Trump are Democrats, with a whopping 95-percent saying they have an unfavorable opinion.</p><p>Even among Republicans only 65-percent view him favorably.</p><p>The two groups that have so far produced the largest amount of <a href="http://www.liberalamerica.org/2016/03/14/the-geography-of-trumpism-where-do-they-come-from/">Trump supporters</a>, are now starting to show more people against Trump than for him. These groups being&#xA0;white men and white Americans without a college degree.</p><p>Fifty-three-percent of white people without a college degree have an unfavorable opinion, as do 52-percent of white men.</p><p>Hillary Clinton (D-N.Y.) is also facing an uphill battle in likability among voters, but as <a href="http://www.vox.com/2016/6/15/11943582/trump-polling-unfavorable" onclick="__gaTracker(&apos;send&apos;, &apos;event&apos;, &apos;outbound-article&apos;, &apos;http://www.vox.com/2016/6/15/11943582/trump-polling-unfavorable&apos;, &apos;Vox&apos;);">Vox</a> points out, Clinton is more popular within her own party than Trump is within his. She&#x2019;s also more popular among Republicans than Trump is among Democrats.</p><p>Sadly, comparing the presidential race to the last time both parties had a contested nomination, many Americans appear to see this year&#x2019;s presidential election as a contest of who they hate least.</p><p><!--Ads2--></p><p>At this point in 2008, 63-percent of Americans viewed then Sen. Barack Obama favorably, and he was only disliked by 33-percent. Sen. John McCain was just behind him and had 56-percent of Americans viewing him favorably, and 39-percent disliking him.</p><p>Perhaps this is what happens when you fuel a campaign by fear and hate. Not only does it turn on you eventually, but also infects the whole political climate.</p><p>Hopefully a Democratic win will normalize the climate so focus can once again be directed to the political issues, where it belongs.</p>