---
title: "Inventor Of ‘America’s Rifle’ Never Intended It For Civilians (WITH VIDEO)"
date: "Fri Jun 17 2016 22:54:46 GMT+0000 (UTC)"
tags: 
 - Resources
 - Issues
 - Gun Culture
 - Debating With Conservatives
 - AR-15
 - Eugene Stoner
 - Gun Control
 - Inventor
 - M-16
 - Mass Shootings
 - Sandy Hook
---
<p><!--OffDef--></p><p><!--Ads1--></p><p>Most of the mass shootings in recent years have a common thread&#x2013;the gunman used a version of the AR-15 assault rifle. Omar Mateen, for instance, used an AR-15 copy manufactured by Sig Sauer. Now, the family of the gun&#x2019;s inventor has made <a href="http://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/family-ar-15-inventor-speaks-out-n593356" onclick="__gaTracker(&apos;send&apos;, &apos;event&apos;, &apos;outbound-article&apos;, &apos;http://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/family-ar-15-inventor-speaks-out-n593356&apos;, &apos;a shocking declaration&apos;);">a shocking declaration</a>&#x2013;he never intended for it to fall into the hands of civilians.</p><p>Eugene Stoner invented the AR-15 in 1958 while working in his garage in California. He also invented a .223 caliber bullet powerful enough to pierce a metal helmet from 500 yards away. When Stoner showed his masterpiece to military officials, they thought they had finally found a weapon that would be a match for the AK-47. The Pentagon adopted a modified version as the M16,&#xA0;which has been the standard service rifle of the armed forces ever since.</p><p>In recent years, a semi-automatic version of the AR-15 has become very popular. Since the turn of the millennium, variants have cropped up in gun stores nationwide. The NRA has taken to billing it as &#x201C;America&#x2019;s Rifle.&#x201D;</p><p>But if Stoner&#x2019;s surviving relatives are to be believed, these developments have the inventor turning in his grave. MSNBC&#xA0;revealed that several members of Stoner&#x2019;s family&#xA0;had made a breathtaking revelation&#x2013;the inventor, who died in 1997,&#xA0;did not intend for his masterpiece to be used as a civilian weapon. Watch here.</p><p><span class="embed-youtube" style="text-align:center; display: block;"><iframe class="youtube-player" type="text/html" width="640" height="390" src="//www.youtube.com/embed/DgZhU3RoLeY?version=3&amp;rel=1&amp;fs=1&amp;autohide=2&amp;showsearch=0&amp;showinfo=1&amp;iv_load_policy=1&amp;wmode=transparent" allowfullscreen="true" style="border:0;"></iframe></span></p><p>Several of Stoner&#x2019;s children and grandchildren, speaking on condition of anonymity, said that based on numerous conversations with Stoner, &#x201C;we feel that his intent was that he designed it as a military rifle.&#x201D; The AR-15 made him a wealthy man, but&#xA0;all of that money was derived from military sales. Although Stoner&#x2019;s family described him as &#x201C;an avid sportsman, hunter, and skeet shooter,&#x201D; he never owned any version of his own gun at any time or for any reason.</p><p>The Stoners added that Eugene would have been as &#x201C;horrified and sickened as anyone&#x201D; that copies of the AR-15 have been used in so many mass shootings. For those who don&#x2019;t know, the Sandy Hook, Aurora, and San Bernardino massacres were all carried out by gunmen using AR-15 variants.</p><p>Chances are that this statement is music to the ears of a group of Sandy Hook survivors. In 2014, they <a href="http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/15/nyregion/in-newtown-families-suit-against-maker-of-the-ar-15-rifle-surprising-progress.html" onclick="__gaTracker(&apos;send&apos;, &apos;event&apos;, &apos;outbound-article&apos;, &apos;http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/15/nyregion/in-newtown-families-suit-against-maker-of-the-ar-15-rifle-surprising-progress.html&apos;, &apos;sued&apos;);">sued</a> Bushmaster, maker of the AR-15 copy used by Adam Lanza, contending that Bushmaster marketed&#xA0;the AR-15 as a civilian weapon when it is clearly a military weapon with no legitimate civilian purpose. A 2005 federal law offers broad protection to gun manufacturers when their weapons are used in a crime. However, the families argue that&#xA0;Bushmaster was grossly negligent in branding the AR-15 as a civilian weapon, and therefore should be held to account.</p><p><!--Ads2--></p><p>Heidi Feldman of Georgetown Law School thinks that if the Sandy Hook case goes to trial, there&#x2019;s no guarantee the families will win since judges aren&#x2019;t too keen on &#x201C;far-out theories or highly novel adaptations of established theories.&#x201D; But&#xA0;when Stoner&#x2019;s family declares that the AR-15 was intended as a military weapon, suddenly the Sandy Hook families&#x2019; argument doesn&#x2019;t look so &#x201C;far out&#x201D; or &#x201C;novel&#x201D; anymore.</p>