---
title: "A Powerful Message About The Lie We Live (VIDEO)"
date: "Sun Jun 19 2016 00:22:34 GMT+0000 (UTC)"
tags: 
 - Issues
 - Lifestyle
 - Art &amp; Design
 - Culture
 - Art & Design
 - Our World
 - Earth
 - Environment
 - Planet
 - Resources
 - Sleep
 - Technology
---
<p><!--OffDef--></p><p><!--Ads1--><br>
Daily, we acquiesce along a path only familiar to us because it is what we are instructed to do&#xA0;from the time we are born. Work, sleep, eat, repeat; a pattern we rarely stop and think about until we lay dying, surrounded by generations we created that have taken over where we left off.</p><p>We walk around entranced in our technology, following images of people we will never know, taking direction from a hierarchy because the media and our peers tell us we are expected to.</p><p>We swallow earth&#x2019;s resources faster than it can provide them, yet we own none of them, and exchange dollars with corporations who steal these resources from the planet we all emanate from .</p><p>We readily consume the by-product of earth&#x2019;s living creatures filled with chemicals and disease, while the stock used to produce it could resolve the world of hunger.</p><p>We think ourselves superior, though we leave those unable to produce a profit to ruin. As if on a steady repeat, our lives are no longer our own, working to provide larger jets, bigger homes, and steadier income for the elite but leaving minimalist outcomes for ourselves.</p><p>Spencer Cathcart&#x2019;s <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ipe6CMvW0Dg&amp;feature=player_embedded" onclick="__gaTracker(&apos;send&apos;, &apos;event&apos;, &apos;outbound-article&apos;, &apos;https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ipe6CMvW0Dg&amp;feature=player_embedded&apos;, &apos;production&apos;);">production</a>, entitled &#x201C;The Lie We Live,&#x201D; is a poetic journey through our world today from a perspective lost within the static of our incorporated existence. Spencer takes us on an eight and half minute journey through the lie we get up each day and live.</p><p>His truth touches the core of the world today, a ruthless and honest truth we should all ascend and conceive. Spencer begins the video with this moving statement:</p><p style="padding-left: 30px;"><em>&#x201C; Each day we wake up in the same room and follow the same path to live the same day as yesterday. Yet at one time each day was a new adventure. Along the way something changed. Before our days were timeless, now our days are scheduled. Is this what it means to be grown up, to be free? But are we really free?&#x201D;</em></p><p>&#xA0;</p><p><!--Ads2--></p><p><span class="embed-youtube" style="text-align:center; display: block;"><iframe class="youtube-player" type="text/html" width="640" height="390" src="//www.youtube.com/embed/ipe6CMvW0Dg?version=3&amp;rel=1&amp;fs=1&amp;autohide=2&amp;showsearch=0&amp;showinfo=1&amp;iv_load_policy=1&amp;wmode=transparent" allowfullscreen="true" style="border:0;"></iframe></span></p><p>&#xA0;</p>