---
title: "Moronic Fox News Host Says If You Ban Assault Weapons, Terrorists Will Use Crock Pots (Video)"
date: "Sun Jun 19 2016 20:56:23 GMT+0000 (UTC)"
tags: 
 - Issues
 - Gun Culture
 - Lifestyle
 - News
 - Media
 - WTF?
 - Fox News Channel
 - Host
 - Orlando Massacre
 - Tucker Carlson
 - Wtf
---
<p><!--OffDef--></p><p><!--Ads1--></p><p>Granted, we&#x2019;re all used to seeing incredibly stupid remarks coming from Fox News. It&#x2019;s kind of their trademark, but since most of their core audience isn&#x2019;t very bright, they get away with it by and large.</p><p>But this morning on the Fox News show &#x201C;Fox and Friends,&#x201D; host Tucker Carlson said something so idiotic, insensitive, and batshit ridiculous that we simply have to take time and call him out for it.</p><p>The discussion, not surprisingly, was about gun control legislation after the massacre in Orlando last weekend which&#xA0;left 49 people dead and another 53 wounded. So Carlson <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7eUe-YcYhXs" onclick="__gaTracker(&apos;send&apos;, &apos;event&apos;, &apos;outbound-article&apos;, &apos;https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7eUe-YcYhXs&apos;, &apos;declared that&apos;);" target="_blank">declared that</a> if we ban AR-15 assault rifles, we need to also ban crock pots because the Boston Marathon bombers used a crock pot&#xA0;to magnify the effect of the explosive they ignited:</p><p style="padding-left: 30px;"><em>&#x201C;Well, a crock pot caused those killings at the Boston Marathon. I think we need to regulate those or ban them. There&#x2019;s no reason you should be able to buy a crock pot at Walmart ever again.&#x201D;</em></p><p>Oh good Lord! Really?! That&#x2019;s the comparison you want to make, Tucker? OK, but let&#x2019;s get the facts on the table before we get to the part where we make fun of you mercilessly:</p><ul>
<li>The Boston Marathon bomb was made up of a <em>pressure cooker</em>, not a crock pot, so there&#x2019;s that tiny bit of information that Carlson missed in his haste to try and be clever, which he never has been and never will be.</li>
<li>Three people were killed in Boston. Granted, that is a tragedy, as is any loss of life, but it sure as hell ain&#x2019;t 49 dead.</li>
<li>Lastly, and perhaps more importantly, a crock pot or a pressure cooker are <em>not intended to kill people</em>. A gun is. Especially a semi-automatic assault rifle that serves no other purpose than to snuff out the life of another human being.</li>
</ul><p>And now for the making fun of part of our program: Tucker Carlson, you are a preening, know-nothing horse&#x2019;s ass who is fortunate to be paid by anyone for any purpose other than collecting dog poop off the sidewalk. Thankfully for Carlson, Fox News is always hiring clueless jerkweeds.</p><p>Need more of Tucker Carlson&#x2019;s inane commentary? Watch this:</p><p><!--Ads2--></p><p><span class="embed-youtube" style="text-align:center; display: block;"><iframe class="youtube-player" type="text/html" width="640" height="390" src="//www.youtube.com/embed/7eUe-YcYhXs?version=3&amp;rel=1&amp;fs=1&amp;autohide=2&amp;showsearch=0&amp;showinfo=1&amp;iv_load_policy=1&amp;wmode=transparent" allowfullscreen="true" style="border:0;"></iframe></span></p>