---
title: "Gabby Giffords Sent A Beautiful Letter To Her Brethren In The Sit-In (VIDEO)"
date: "Thu Jun 23 2016 23:02:02 GMT+0000 (UTC)"
tags: 
 - GOP Watch
 - Issues
 - Gun Culture
 - Lifestyle
 - Human Interest
 - Politics
 - Republican Watch
 - Tea Party
 - News
 - Media
 - Congress
 - Democrats
 - Gabrielle Giffords
 - Guns
 - Sit-in
---
<p><!--OffDef--></p><p><!--Ads1--><br>
Yesterday, we experienced one of the biggest political events of this administration. In the aftermath of the Orlando attack, the House Democrats <a href="http://www.liberalamerica.org/2016/06/22/breaking-house-democrats-stage-sit-in-over-gun-violence-video/" target="_blank">staged</a> a sit-in. They all sat down in the middle of the floor in Congress and are staying there until the&#xA0;House allows a&#xA0;vote on gun control measures.</p><p>Gabrielle Giffords, former Arizona Congresswoman, is a <a href="http://www.history.com/this-day-in-history/congresswoman-gabrielle-giffords-injured-in-shooting-rampage" onclick="__gaTracker(&apos;send&apos;, &apos;event&apos;, &apos;outbound-article&apos;, &apos;http://www.history.com/this-day-in-history/congresswoman-gabrielle-giffords-injured-in-shooting-rampage&apos;, &apos;survivor&apos;);" target="_blank">survivor</a> of gun violence. She was shot at a constituents meeting in Tuscon. Six people died and thirteen people, including her, were injured.</p><p>In response to the sit-in, she sent this beautiful <a href="http://www.addictinginfo.org/2016/06/23/read-gabby-giffords-beautiful-letter-in-solidarity-with-democratic-sit-in/" onclick="__gaTracker(&apos;send&apos;, &apos;event&apos;, &apos;outbound-article&apos;, &apos;http://www.addictinginfo.org/2016/06/23/read-gabby-giffords-beautiful-letter-in-solidarity-with-democratic-sit-in/&apos;, &apos;letter&apos;);" target="_blank">letter</a> to her Democratic colleagues:</p><blockquote>
<p id="cf6f" class="graf--p graf--leading"><em>Dear Members of the House and former colleagues:</em></p>
<p id="ec72" class="graf--p graf-after--p"><em>There is nowhere I would rather be right now than with you&#x200A;&#x2014;&#x200A;on the floor of the People&#x2019;s House, representing Southern Arizona, fighting for our country, and working to make our communities safer. But your action is the balm for my regret&#x200A;&#x2014;&#x200A;and it is the inspiration for my continued commitment.</em></p>
<p id="12c2" class="graf--p graf-after--p"><em>Fighting gun violence takes great courage. I&#x2019;ve seen great courage when my life was on the line. I see great courage in many of you right now.</em></p>
<p id="7fbf" class="graf--p graf-after--p"><em>Americans are grappling with a gun violence crisis. It is a crisis that tears apart the lives of so many Americans and touches every community. It is both public and private. In our homes and on our streets. At work, at church, at the movies, at a dance club, at school and at school again, at a Congress on Your Corner. The victims are young and old&#x200A;&#x2014;&#x200A;but always with so much life ahead of them. They are white and black, Latino and Asian, and Native American. They are lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, queer, and straight. They are Christian and Muslim, Jewish and Sikh. They are veterans and government workers and union members. They are rich and poor. They die by murder, they die by suicide, and they die by negligence. Often, they don&#x2019;t die, but they carry the scars, and their lives change forever.</em></p>
<p id="9f5f" class="graf--p graf-after--p"><em>If gun violence affects all of us Americans, then the solution is not up to just some of us. We are all responsible for our safety today and for the country we pass on to our children tomorrow. It&#x2019;s what makes us a country. Where our country has already come together&#x200A;&#x2014;&#x200A;behind the simple proposition that we ought to have laws that keep guns out of the hands of dangerous people&#x200A;&#x2014;&#x200A;so must our Congress. And they should not waste another minute.</em></p>
<p id="8eab" class="graf--p graf-after--p"><em>We must not accept the world that will be the product of inaction in Washington. We can do better. Some states have already made progress&#x200A;&#x2014;&#x200A;they show us that when we put aside our incidental or momentary differences and stand shoulder to shoulder, we have enormous power.</em></p>
</blockquote><blockquote id="2bce" class="graf--pullquote pullquote graf-after--p"><p><em>It&#x2019;s been said that hope was forged of two powerful ingredients: anger at how things are, and the courage to change them. We will not be driven backwards to live in isolation from one another and in fear of violence.</em></p></blockquote><p class="graf--p graf-after--p">She has been fighting for an end to gun violence since she was injured, and I hope this sit-in will help Congress finally do something about gun violence in the country.</p><p class="graf--p graf-after--p">Rep. Debbie Wasserman-Schultz read her letter on the House floor during the sit-in:</p><p><!--Ads2--></p><p><span class="embed-youtube" style="text-align:center; display: block;"><iframe class="youtube-player" type="text/html" width="640" height="390" src="//www.youtube.com/embed/46XE91qT_hM?version=3&amp;rel=1&amp;fs=1&amp;autohide=2&amp;showsearch=0&amp;showinfo=1&amp;iv_load_policy=1&amp;wmode=transparent" allowfullscreen="true" style="border:0;"></iframe></span></p>