---
title: "Sarah Palin’s Idiotic Response To The Brexit Vote Is So Palin That It’ll Make Your Brain Hurt"
date: "Fri Jun 24 2016 18:04:56 GMT+0000 (UTC)"
tags: 
 - GOP Watch
 - Lifestyle
 - Politics
 - Republican Watch
 - News
 - World News
 - WTF?
 - Brexit
 - Sarah Palin
 - Wtf
---
<p>The Brexit vote, in which British citizens voted to leave the European Union, is roiling financial markets around the world today. It could wind up throwing the British economy into a prolonged recession and also destabilizing all of Europe, which could lead to regional unrest and even war.</p><p>But to hear Sarah Palin tell it, this is a great day, and it&#x2019;s time for the United States to follow suit. Yeah, because we want to destroy our country by electing her BFF, Donald Trump.</p><p>On her <a href="https://www.facebook.com/sarahpalin/posts/10154310627508588:0" onclick="__gaTracker(&apos;send&apos;, &apos;event&apos;, &apos;outbound-article&apos;, &apos;https://www.facebook.com/sarahpalin/posts/10154310627508588:0&apos;, &apos;Facebook page&apos;);" target="_blank">Facebook page</a>, Sarah posted this bit of idiotic drivel:</p><p style="padding-left: 30px;"><em>&#x201C;When in the course of human events, it becomes necessary for one people to dissolve the political bands which have connected them with another&#x2026;</em></p><p style="padding-left: 30px;"><em>&#x201C;The UK knew &#x2013; it was that time. And now is that time in the USA.</em></p><p style="padding-left: 30px;"><em>&#x201C;The Brexit referendum is akin to our own Declaration of Independence. May that refreshed spirit of sovereignty spread over the pond to America&#x2019;s shores!</em></p><p style="padding-left: 30px;"><em>&#x201C;Congratulations, smart Brits. Good on you for ignoring all the fear mongering from special interest globalists who tend to aim for that apocalyptic One World Government that dissolves a nation&#x2019;s self-determination and sovereignty&#x2026; the EU being a One World Government mini-me.</em></p><p style="padding-left: 30px;"><em>&#x201C;America can learn an encouraging lesson from this.</em></p><p style="padding-left: 30px;"><em>&#x201C;It is time to dissolve political bands that connect us to agendas not in our&#xA0;best interest. May UN shackles be next on the chopping block.&#x201D;</em></p><p>As you can tell, Palin&#x2019;s limited grasp of American history is almost as monumental as the blank space between her ears.</p>