---
title: "Trump The Wall-Builder Now Says Obama Deports Too Many People–WTF?!"
date: "Mon Jun 27 2016 15:29:31 GMT+0000 (UTC)"
tags: 
 - Lifestyle
 - Politics
 - 2016 GOP Hopefuls
 - Elections
 - WTF?
 - Donald Trump
 - Immigration
 - President Obama
 - Trump
 - Wtf
---
<p>Donald Trump, the presumptive GOP nominee, burst onto the national political scene a year ago by announcing that most Mexican immigrants were rapists, murderers, and drug dealers. Here, see for yourself:</p><p><span class="embed-youtube" style="text-align:center; display: block;"><iframe class="youtube-player" type="text/html" width="640" height="390" src="//www.youtube.com/embed/Yi33KkhKRWs?version=3&amp;rel=1&amp;fs=1&amp;autohide=2&amp;showsearch=0&amp;showinfo=1&amp;iv_load_policy=1&amp;wmode=transparent" allowfullscreen="true" style="border:0;"></iframe></span></p><p>The solution, Trump proclaimed, was to build a giant wall on the United States-Mexico border. For a year now, he&#x2019;s been telling anyone who will listen that he&#x2019;s gonna build that wall and even make Mexico pay for it. That&#x2019;s a ludicrous proposition, but there&#x2019;s no point in belaboring the point because arguing with Trump of one of his mindless acolytes is akin to arguing with rock.</p><p>And yet, just yesterday, Trump said he thinks President Obama has deported too many people from the United States, <a href="http://www.bloomberg.com/politics/articles/2016-06-25/trump-says-immigration-plan-wouldn-t-feature-mass-deportations?utm_source=fark&amp;utm_medium=website&amp;utm_content=link" onclick="__gaTracker(&apos;send&apos;, &apos;event&apos;, &apos;outbound-article&apos;, &apos;http://www.bloomberg.com/politics/articles/2016-06-25/trump-says-immigration-plan-wouldn-t-feature-mass-deportations?utm_source=fark&amp;utm_medium=website&amp;utm_content=link&apos;, &apos;telling Bloomberg&apos;);" target="_blank">telling Bloomberg</a>:</p><p style="padding-left: 30px;"><em>&#x201C;President Obama has mass deported vast numbers of people &#x2014; the most ever, and it&#x2019;s never reported. I think people are going to find that I have not only the best policies, but I will have the biggest heart of anybody.&#x201D;</em></p><p>That, of course, is yet another of Trump&#x2019;s million and one lies, because he has no heart at all. Never has and never will. So there must be something else behind this monumental flip-flop on Trump&#x2019;s part.</p><p>Might this be a craven attempt to reach out to supporters of Bernie Sanders? Or it is just another attempt to try and criticize the President&#x2013;and by extension Hillary Clinton&#x2013;for political purposes?</p><p>It would be encouraging to think that Trump&#x2019;s most devoted disciples would see this statement from their demigod and walk away from him in disgust. But that won&#x2019;t happen, because a functioning brain is required if one hopes to achieve such a realization. And 99.9 percent of Trump&#x2019;s supporters have limited intelligence.</p><p>So let it be known that the centerpiece of the Donald Trump for President campaign appears to have been a gigantic form of deceit. But not to worry, Trumpies: Wait five minutes and your beloved asshat will change his mind yet again.</p>